README.md, before:

# About the project

## vending-machine

Project for practicing everything I want - Good chance to discover the secrets of CSS universe and control everything with JavaScript.

### Why vending machine?

Because it's awesome, it's amazing, it's fantastic, it's gorgeous, it's splendid!

### And so?

The main goal is design a complete functional machine, with credit card working, product selector showing the options on the screen, put money on it, getting the change, inserting coins, and so on...

#### Features

Firstly, the project was designed for CSS practicing and not more. The idea of making everything with CSS is awesome. However, some logical features need the JavaScript coding to work well. Maybe more effort is needed to put
on it whether we want to code everything in CSS, even if we want create some logical things, but I think that the drawing is completed with CSS, and JavaScript can be used for acquiring data from the application.

The first feature that was created is "getting the values" from credit card machine. It will be used to acquire the password from the credit card machine keyboard and converted in data when someone wants to purchase an item.

The second feature is about the item choice. This is a little bit hard in comparison to the credit card function, because it is not only the fact of choosing the item, but all the process by itself. It needs the product exists inside the machine, needs a product matrix capable to distinguish the rows and columns and counts how many products is available there, receive the item request and responses when the user starts the purchase.

The third one is when the item is available in the item exit. This feature tends to be hard not because of the coding, but because of a myriad of possibilities.

</br>

### Why do people love vending machines?

#### Three reasons why there are so many vending machines in Japan

**1. Japan is really safe**
One of the websites that I used to check for _quality of life_ is [Numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/). When we check the _Safety Index_ of the Japanese cities we always see the index classified as high or very high. There is very little vandalism and robbery is almost inexistent. Because of this, vending machines are installed everywhere in Japan, such as sidewalks, alleys, parks, and many other public spaces.

**2. Everyone can become a vending machine owner, just have a good spot to put them**
Do you need extra money? Do you have a vacant place in front your house? So, you can apply to have your own vending machine. If the application is approved by the management company, you only must pay the installation fee and it's done! If the spot you chose is good, you can receive a good amount of money from this way per month.

**3. Convenience and ease of maintenance**
Like the most crowded cities in the world, Tokyo is known as a city that never sleeps. Not only Tokyo, but Japan is very famous for its long working day, even in the countryside cities. When we see the routine in cities like New York, São Paulo, and Tokyo, it's common observing workers eating hot dogs in the lunch time, eating something fast in a shopping maul near from work, or eating some fast food. In Japan is not different, people are too busy to hit up the nearest convenience store; vending machines are the most convenient "store" for grabbing a quick food and drink on the way. And what to say about the maintenance... the maintenance is simply flawless, fast, and completely reliable. Specialized maintenance companies make sure that there’s no litter, restock the machines regularly, and perform all sorts of other maintenance-related tasks. Some companies have control softwares that can identify what is happening with the consumption, being able to identify which kind of product needs to be replaced.

Commit message:

doc: serving and visualising page instruction

README.md, after:

# About the project

## vending-machine

Project for practicing everything I want - Good chance to discover the secrets of CSS universe and control everything with JavaScript.

### Serving the page

```shell
python -m http.server 8000
```

For visualising please open on `http://localhost:8000/`.

### Why vending machine?

Because it's awesome, it's amazing, it's fantastic, it's gorgeous, it's splendid!

### And so?

The main goal is design a complete functional machine, with credit card working, product selector showing the options on the screen, put money on it, getting the change, inserting coins, and so on...

#### Features

Firstly, the project was designed for CSS practicing and not more. The idea of making everything with CSS is awesome. However, some logical features need the JavaScript coding to work well. Maybe more effort is needed to put
on it whether we want to code everything in CSS, even if we want create some logical things, but I think that the drawing is completed with CSS, and JavaScript can be used for acquiring data from the application.

The first feature that was created is "getting the values" from credit card machine. It will be used to acquire the password from the credit card machine keyboard and converted in data when someone wants to purchase an item.

The second feature is about the item choice. This is a little bit hard in comparison to the credit card function, because it is not only the fact of choosing the item, but all the process by itself. It needs the product exists inside the machine, needs a product matrix capable to distinguish the rows and columns and counts how many products is available there, receive the item request and responses when the user starts the purchase.

The third one is when the item is available in the item exit. This feature tends to be hard not because of the coding, but because of a myriad of possibilities.

</br>

### Why do people love vending machines?

#### Three reasons why there are so many vending machines in Japan

**1. Japan is really safe**
One of the websites that I used to check for _quality of life_ is [Numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/). When we check the _Safety Index_ of the Japanese cities we always see the index classified as high or very high. There is very little vandalism and robbery is almost inexistent. Because of this, vending machines are installed everywhere in Japan, such as sidewalks, alleys, parks, and many other public spaces.

**2. Everyone can become a vending machine owner, just have a good spot to put them**
Do you need extra money? Do you have a vacant place in front your house? So, you can apply to have your own vending machine. If the application is approved by the management company, you only must pay the installation fee and it's done! If the spot you chose is good, you can receive a good amount of money from this way per month.

**3. Convenience and ease of maintenance**
Like the most crowded cities in the world, Tokyo is known as a city that never sleeps. Not only Tokyo, but Japan is very famous for its long working day, even in the countryside cities. When we see the routine in cities like New York, São Paulo, and Tokyo, it's common observing workers eating hot dogs in the lunch time, eating something fast in a shopping maul near from work, or eating some fast food. In Japan is not different, people are too busy to hit up the nearest convenience store; vending machines are the most convenient "store" for grabbing a quick food and drink on the way. And what to say about the maintenance... the maintenance is simply flawless, fast, and completely reliable. Specialized maintenance companies make sure that there’s no litter, restock the machines regularly, and perform all sorts of other maintenance-related tasks. Some companies have control softwares that can identify what is happening with the consumption, being able to identify which kind of product needs to be replaced.
